


This language provides facilties that operate on an object and their values. It does not provide any type of direct access to raw storage. Therefore, it is not possible to reinterpret an interger object as a sequence of bytes. In this compiler, an object is definied as a region of storage that is created by a variable declaration or made as a result of a value computation. A program is able to destroy, refrences, access, create, and modify objects. Objects called stored objects are objects that are created by a declaration. Each stored object has a memory location that may be used to refer to that specific object. Each object that is created by a declaration will have an automatic storage duraation. These objects will last until the block statement where there were created exits. Then these objects are destroyed. Multiple objects are able to use the same storage for a variable. Any type of object that is created by a computute are known as temporary objects. Temporary objects are not stored.

There are a few  ypes supported by this language. The bool type describes the values true and false. The int type describes any integer values between -(2^32) and 2^32. 
The bool and int types are examples of object types. There is also a function type. The type (int, int) -> bool is the type of all functions that take two int arguments and return a bool value. In this examople, the two ints are the paramater types of the function, and bool is the return type of the function. In addition there is a refrence type. The values of a refrence type are the memory locations of stored objects of type t. 

